Be more explicit on barriers to running model for external users (#520)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_model: readme.md

## Running the model

### For external users

> Although all the code is available openly, it is virtually impossible to run the model if you do not have access to the data and infrastructure at the Strategy Unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although all the code is available openly, it is currently not simple to run the model if you do not have access to the data and infrastructure at the Strategy Unit.
```
